All right so we have our HTL template down now we're going to convert it into a WordPress theme.
All right so I have a default WordPress installation set up I didn't add or change anything.
And what I'm going to do is go and create first I'm going to add it to my project and Sublime Text.
OK so I'm just going to add the whole WordPress site which I have at Wordpress for P.
OK and then we're going to go to content themes and let's create a new folder.
We're going to call it four corners.
OK and inside there we're going to create our style dot C Ss and are also going to create our index
page P in the style sheet.
Let's add our comment block for the declaration.
So the theme name is four corners.
The author is me or you
for you or my
let's see description.
Just a simple and clean word first thing in version 1.0.
OK.
So that is our declaration.
If we save that should be able to go to our backend and go to appearance themes and you should see it
here.
Now I'm going to paste in my screenshot so you see
OK.
So we're going to paste it right in here.
And then if we reload we can see the screen shot.
So let's go ahead and activate it and if we go to the front end to reload we're going to just get a
blank white page.
OK so let's bring what we need to.
Over to the fold or so I'm going to open up the h t m l folder and the actual theme folder.
K so C Ss we want to bring that entire folder over.
Actually we want to bring that one to bring Faunce and J.S. paste that in.
All right.
Now for the app CSX what I'm going to do is open that up.
I'm going to copy everything in it and then paste it in our theme style C Ss and save it and then we
can go ahead and just delete that out Dotsie ss.
All right.
In the J.S. folder we have our app J.S. vendors.
That's good.
All right.
So let's go back to sublime and let's go to index ph P and then I'm going to open up the next AGM I'll
file as well.
I'm going to copy everything that's in that index HDMI and put it in the PDP file case.
Now if we save that and we go to the front end and reload OK we can see the HDMI now.
Now the CSSA files aren't being loaded because we need to fix the PAF.
All right so where we have our APS-C assets we're actually going to change that.
We're going to save ph P Acco not echo blog info and pass in stylesheet underscore you Arel
Okay.
And then for the rest of the C Ss files we're just going to add to the to the front of it p p blog info
template you are l and then we want to slash K so go ahead and copy that will do that to the rest of
these.
And now if we go back and reload we get our CSSA.
OK.
So let's start at the top here and then this Each I'll tag we're going to get rid of all this.
Actually yeah we'll get rid of.
We don't need this.
So we're going to say ph P language attributes that's a function or the char set into place with PH
P blog info and just passing charts.
We can keep this stuff the viewport we want to keep for the title.
Let's get rid of that and just going to paste in the usual.
So we have the blog name and then we have either the description if we're on the front page or the page
title.
If we're not in it for on a page so save that actually let's go ahead and add at the bottom here Page
PWP underscore head k we'll go ahead and reload that.
Now we have a blank space up here because we haven't included the the W.P. footer so let's do that.
Way down at the bottom right before the ending body tag.
Actually let's go just right above the scripts and you ph P W.P. underscore flirter and I just get that
out of the way before I forget.
Ok so now we get the admin bar.
So back at the top let's change a few things here.
So the top bar we have these social links.
Now we're going to have to add some settings to the customize or so that the person can put in there
social media links.
But we're not going to get to that yet.
Same thing with the phone and e-mail.
We'll probably get to that in the next video.
What else is in the header.
What's to get rid of this.
And we want this to be dynamic.
We want the blog info in the name
and then we have our menu.
OK so those take care of the menu.
We're going to create a functions p p file
k.
We're going to add our theme support function.
Ok so I'll call this F.C. underscore theme support.
Let's go ahead and do our NAV menus so we have register nav menus and then we're going to pass in an
array.
OK in this array we're going to include primary
and then here will say primary menu.
OK now we need to do an action on the hook that we want is after theme set up or I'm sorry after setup
theme.
And then we'll just grab this function name and put that as the second parameter.
All right so save that.
We'll go back to index and for our menu we're going to replace the whole UL with a function
call W.P. underscore nav menu and then we want to pass in an array.
OK we want the theme location for the menu and that's going to be primary.
And you all had a class of menus so we're going to add a menu class
of men you can save that.
And if we go and reload now the menu you can see it's not styled correctly that's because we haven't
set the location correctly so let's go back and you should have a menu option under appearance and say
create menu called Main Menu and down here you can see theme locations we're going to choose primary
menu and save.
And then if we go back and reload now our menu is fixed.
All right.
Let's actually create a couple of pages so we'll create about page and I'll just grab some content
rights and publish and then let's also add a Services page.
OK.
Last thing we're going to do is get our header and footer files.
So let's create a new file called hether thought THP and then also for THP and then we're going to go
to the index and we're going to grab from the very top down to the bottom of the header.
OK so we're going to cut that and we're going to replace that with p h p to get better
all right and then we'll paste that in the header file save and close and then let's go down to the
bottom and get from the very bottom up to
let's see up to the clear fix.
So we're going to cut that and replace it with the get Forder
right and then we're going to pay seven footer to save and should look the same when we reload.
All right good.